What's going on here?
This doctor asks you to be treated by your father
Is this the attitude of your relatives?
What did I say yesterday?
Kneel down and beg me
Dr. Ye
I beg you to treat my father
Your dad is as bedridden as Wushuang said
How is that possible?
Wasn't it fine yesterday?
Yang Wushuang, what spell did you give birth to?
It's not impossible to treat your father
But I have two conditions.
What kind of condition?
You say first
From now on, don't harass my wife again. Second
Drop all your accusations against the Wu family
Ok, I promise you.
Go out and wait
I didn't expect that.
Do I still have this ability?
Oops, you can get the Hu family to kneel for you
Can you cure Mr. Hu's illness?
I can tell he's sick
Can cure him
If so
Then I will also keep my promise.
As of today?
I will hand over the inheritance of the Wu family to Wushuang
Dead shake, this disagrees with us